Hello!

This package is the complete project for Sega CD Batman Returns (3D Driving Game), developed by Acme Interactive and published by Sega of America in 1992.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Batman_Returns_%28video_game%29

"Batman Returns is a video game for various platforms based on the movie of the same name. The Sega console versions (i.e. Sega Mega Drive/Genesis, Sega Mega-CD, Sega Master System and Sega Game Gear) were published by Sega themselves while the NES and Super NES versions were developed and published by Konami. The DOS version was published by Konami and developed by Spirit of Discovery. The Amiga version was developed by Denton Designs, and also published by Konami. There is also an Atari Lynx version, published by Atari themselves."

I am releasing this package to the community for educational purposes only.  You are free to play with it and do with it as you will, but you are NOT allowed to make money out of it or profit in any way, shape or form.  I know you won't.  I trust you.

The lead programmers on this projects were John O'Brien and Andrew Green, John programmed the 3D driving game (which this package contains), and Andrew programmed the platform game sections (which is not included in this package).  I was a support programmer for the overall project, responsible for the "shell", including the intros, titlepage, menus, cut-scenes, and various other tools and stuff.  I also wrote the code that glued the two seperate games together, and all the Sega CD disc loading and IO stuff.

The team of artists, programmers and designers at Acme Interactive in the early 90s were some of the most talented, coolest people I've ever had the pleasure of working with in the games business.

I hope you enjoy messing with this code as much as I did working on it.

Cheers!

Chris Shrigley - 3/27/15
http://www.shrigley.com

PLEASE KEEP THIS READ_ME FILE WITH THE PACKAGE.  THANKS!

PLEASE DO NOT LINK DIRECTLY TO THIS FILE.  PLEASE LINK TO THE SOURCE CODE ARCHIVE PAGE.  THANKS!
